[Music]
the group of people you see
is actually doing a drug run not a game
or a show
no one cared at first there are even
people who want to take a photo with
this wonder
but when the poisonous fog comes they
lost their lives soon
more and more people find that something
is wrong and want to escape
but how can it run faster than the speed
of air
this is not a natural disaster it's a
complete man-made disaster
a biologist was deceived his research
results were all awarded to others by
the court
so blackened and decided to retaliate
against society the security saw him and
didn't know what happened
next second start of gas tanker the
poisonous fog spreads around
run poison is imminent the person who
was eating in the hotel in the distance
was just about to leave
suddenly heard a deafening explosion a
gas tank that could explode at any time
appeared in front of you
they ran out of the hotel in fright but
the chaotic scene before them surprised
them even more
people are running traffic jam deyong
realized something happened
persuade the family to go back to the
building and run up there
their thinking is not wrong there are
rescuers in the sky
but they are also completely blank at
this moment do not know what to do
more unfortunately the door on the roof
of the hotel was locked
key on the first floor it's impossible
to get it now
deyong thought for a while and decided
to smash the glass but windows and doors
are specially made bulletproof
throwing things over is like tickle
xiaomei glared her eyes
watch him break the glass with all his
strength
[Music]
she didn't expect he actually planned to
climb to the top of the building from
outside
the family who rushed down after hearing
the news didn't persuade him
he dashed and jumped out
[Music]
but just grabbed the railing then it
fell down
everyone was surprised and happy he
hasn't completely fallen yet
hurriedly pull the rope but too much
force is almost too kind to help
fortunately xiaomei has experience
command everyone
deion climbed to the opposite balcony
little by little
observing the path to climb xiaomei
through a box of chalk and snaps
he crushed chalk apply to hands to
increase friction
then jump back to the wall outside the
hotel building from another angle
at this time family members can only
rely on mobile phone video
look at his current dangerous behavior
he climbed a little bit to the other
side of the window
fortunately the stonewall here makes it
easy for him to climb
the wall lamp he was trying to borrow
from broke easily can only change
direction and continue walking
who knows the rope was not long enough
he temporarily hugged the buddha's feet
and asked god for blessing
then remove the buckle continue to climb
without protection
climbing to the top of the building with
a copper lion open the door for everyone
but the plane can't see them at all
xiaomei immediately taught everyone to
use a light source to signal
after a long time the rescue plane
arrived deyong and xiaomei were left
behind because they were overweight
waiting for the next batch of rescues
that do not know when
facing such a hopeless status quo
xiaomei finally couldn't stretch it
started to cry watching the helicopter
going away again
they realize that they must save
themselves go to a higher floor to be
seen
they took a lot of things they would use
from a hotel put on a gas mask
wrap yourself in a plastic bag running
wildly on the road
but they chose the wrong place the top
floor here has also been shrouded in
poisonous fog
and the gas mask is only enough to last
another five minutes
there is only one replacement mask left
in their hands
daeng hesitated for a second then
replace it yourself
tell xiaomei to wait for herself here
the poisonous fog spreads upwards more
and more
xiaomi thought she was abandoned climb
up with bare hands
cursing daeng is not a man who knows
at this time deon came up from the other
side of the stairs
and brought her a new gas mask they ran
to a gym together
after using a fan to blow away the
poisonous mist remaining on the body
decided to go to the opposite rooftop
xiaomi first climbed to the opposite
side
daeng followed how can i think of a
barbecue restaurant downstairs
toxic mist is inhaled by the exhaust
pipe all released on the rooftop
daeng returned quickly leaving xiaomi at
a loss
not long after throw a 50-kilogram
dumbbell at her feet
daeng who put on his mask again quickly
climbed over
at the same time deon's father worried
about his son
ran to the edge of the city and tried to
go back to save people
there happened to be two sent by the tv
station the drone operator prepares to
take some footage
they give too much i agreed to find
daeng in the city
and the two of deung at this time
finally waited for the helicopter
but they chose to take the chance of
being rescued to a group of students
at this time the gas station exploded
twice the poisonous mist surged even
more severely
they don't have time to grieve i can
only continue to escape to a place where
i can be rescued
at this time the drone found them but
except for the rebroadcast
can't save them from fire and water in
the broadcast screen
there are two people running desperately
forward the white gas surging around
them
is the poisonous fog untouchable this
recognition makes all people
can't help but wipe them a cold sweat
everyone stopped what they were doing
anxious as if i were the person in the
video deyong and xiaomei jump to the
opposite floor together
climb to the top of the building with
neon signs but the building they are
going to next
it's too far away from them the drone
records their dilemma at this time
i wanted to find the way for them who
knows that the drone is out of power
the live broadcast was interrupted
the tight string broke the two embraced
and wept
deon cried out all the regrets of this
life at this moment
xiaomi pushed him away and stood up
crowds spontaneously controlled drones
rushing in
they all want to contribute to the two
of them deon came up with
how to use a drone to hang a rope to the
opposite building the drone flies over
and hangs up
signal to the tube